open this program and here you need to
complete your country I have a model in
Maine is version but first don't forget
connect your device - with your USB
cable
you
don't forget to connect your iPhone
iPhone has been connected successful and
closed and click on remove iCloud now
waiting
here you need to get information for
aside your new account email and
password I have email and password
she was download by me
you
this is the site when when you where you
can download I will close now because I
have the password anyway like load here
and I will copy and paste on my software
copy this mail paste here and pastor
need to be tape and to finish click to
active now maybe you need to waiting
some minutes but is great enjoy - okay
thank you